Introdution:
I have over 8 years of experience as a full-stack developer.I've worked on building all the layers of a business application, like the front-end,middleware, backend, and databases.But I'm more into back-end application development. It’s like a 80-20 split, 80% backend, and 20% frontend.I have working experience on back-end technologies like Java, Spring, spring Boot with microservices and other frameworks
like Hibernate, spring cloud etc.I have also done unit testing with Junit and Mockito.Apart from that, I have worked on SQL-based databases like Oracle,
MySQL and SQL Server and I have a little bit of experience working with NoSQL databases like DynamoDB.
Coming to the AWS side of things, I do have experience working on EC2, ECS, ECR, s3 buckets, RDS,
and IAM security groups etc. I've used tools like Sonar Lint, Sonar Cube for code quality and have used Swagger for documentation mainly. And coming to the front-end part I've worked with HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap, Angular using TypeScript,and testing frameworks like Jasmine and Karma. So, at the top level, my day-to-day work looks like this,like more of the backend, and a little bit on the UI side also.

About current project:
I am currently  working as a  Full Stack Java Developer with AWS Cloud from the past 8 years.In my current project We are designing an online portal to make it easy for policyholders to pay bills, make policy adjustments, view policy documents, and take care of other account management tasks. When I came here, we have a big monolithic (all in one piece, to make one change complete application will be down and code is complex)application, which we are breaking down it into small microservices.We are using HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, and frameworks like Angular and React for designing user interface which is particularly front-end.For Developing microservices and Rest API, we are using spring boot, Spring MVC, Spring JDBC and spring IOC. We are using Spring JDBC for accessing data sources without exception handling and We use Spring IOC for data injection to make the code loosely coupled. We are using Oracle database in this current project and I am writing some complex, co-related and non-co-related SQL queries, stored procedures, functions and triggers.For inter microservices communication here we are using ActiveMQ, For securely distributing RESTful web services we are using Spring /Security to validate a user on server and OAuth2 to manage authentication tokens. With Oauth2 only authenticated users and applications will get a valid access token and using that token the user can access authorized APIs on server. If he does not have valid authentication, even though he comes to our page he will not be able access any data.For unit testing of backend services, we are using Junit,Mockito to mock all the dependencies to test a particular class and verify the behavior of that specific class under different conditions.
